In lesson 3, Key Terms, we will study important
terminology in supply chain management
and how these terms apply to industry and government.
Procurement is the acquisition of
goods or services for the organization.
It typically involves market research, contracting,
including negotiation, buying, and providing internal
customer service, staying within budget,
and ensuring that goods and services are available
in the right quantity and quality
at the right time and place.
Basic Procurement may be limited to actual
buying of goods and services, staying within budget,
and ensuring that goods and services are available
in the right quantity and quality
and at the right time and place.
Advanced Procurement may involve
supplier relationship management, or SRM.
SRM encompasses all processes that arrange
and manage supply sources for an organization.
SRM focuses on establishing and maintaining
strategic relationships with suppliers.
An example of procurement in the industry would include
Walmart buying goods from their vendor, such as car tires.